Add R2 bucket lock changelog entry + update bucket lock docs (#20566)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/buckets/bucket-locks.mdx

- An existing R2 bucket. If you do not already have an existing R2 bucket, refer to [Create buckets](/r2/buckets/create-buckets/).
- (API only) An API token with [permissions](/r2/api/s3/tokens/#permissions) to edit R2 bucket configuration.

> ### Enable bucket lock via Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable bucket lock via dashboard
```

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2** from the sidebar.

> 2. Select the bucket you'd like to add bucket lock rule to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the bucket you would like to add bucket lock rule to.
```

## Remove bucket lock rules from your R2 bucket

### Dashboard

1. From the Cloudflare dashboard, select **R2** from the sidebar.

> 2. Select the bucket you'd like to add bucket lock rule to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the bucket you would like to add bucket lock rule to.
```
